README.md, before:

# pypersonnelloc

pypersonnelloc is personnel localization service to extract estimate of position coordinate in a noisy indoor environment.

Following algorithm are supported

1. Robust Adaptive Kalman Filter

## Development

### Python3.x

1. Create a Virtual Environment
   
    ```bash
   $ virtualenv -m venv venv
   ```
   
2. Activate Virtual Environment

    ```bash
    $ . venv/bin/activate 
    ```

3. Install the Dependencies

    ```bash
    $ pip install -r requirements.txt
    ```

4. Install `pypersonnelloc` as python package for development:

    ```bash
   $ pip install -e .
   ```
   
   This makes the `personnel-localization` binary available as a CLI

### Usage
Run `personnel-localization` binary in command line:

- -c : Configuration file path

```bash
$ personnel-localization -c config.yaml 
```

### Message Broker (RabbitMQ)

Use the [rabbitmqtt](https://github.com/virtual-origami/rabbitmqtt) stack for the Message Broker

__NOTE__: The `rabbitmqtt` stack needs an external docker network called `iotstack` make sure to create one using `docker network create iotstack`

### Docker

1. To build Docker Images locally use:

    ```bash
    $ docker build -t pypersonnelloc:<version> .
    ```

2. To run the Application along with the RabbitMQ Broker connect the container with the `iotstack` network using:

    ```bash
    $ docker run --rm --network=iotstack -t pypersonnelloc:<version> -c config.yaml 
    ```

    __INFO__: Change the broker address in the `config.yaml` file to `rabbitmq` (name of the RabbitMQ Container in _rabbitmqtt_ stack)

3. To run the a custom configuration for the Container use:

    ```bash
    $ docker run --rm -v $(pwd)/config.yaml:/pypersonnelloc/config.yaml --network=iotstack -t pypersonnelloc:<version> -c config.yaml 
    ```

### Reference Paper

1. Heading Estimation for Pedestrian Dead Reckoning Based on Robust Adaptive Kalman Filtering 

   https://doi.org/10.3390/s18061970

Commit message:

docs: update README.md
- Add Maintainers
- Add Funding Information

README.md, after:

# pypersonnelloc

pypersonnelloc is personnel localization service to extract estimate of position coordinate in a noisy indoor environment.

![Stateless App Build CI/CD Workflow Status](https://github.com/virtual-origami/pypersonnelloc/workflows/Stateless%20App%20Build%20CI/CD/badge.svg?branch=rainbow_v1)


Following algorithm are supported

- Robust Adaptive Kalman Filter

## Development

### Python3.x

1. Create a Virtual Environment
   
    ```bash
   $ virtualenv -m venv venv
   ```
   
2. Activate Virtual Environment

    ```bash
    $ . venv/bin/activate 
    ```

3. Install the Dependencies

    ```bash
    $ pip install -r requirements.txt
    ```

4. Install `pypersonnelloc` as python package for development:

    ```bash
   $ pip install -e .
   ```
   
   This makes the `personnel-localization` binary available as a CLI

### Usage
Run `personnel-localization` binary in command line:

- -c : Configuration file path

```bash
$ personnel-localization -c config.yaml 
```

### Message Broker (RabbitMQ)

Use the [rabbitmqtt](https://github.com/virtual-origami/rabbitmqtt) stack for the Message Broker

__NOTE__: The `rabbitmqtt` stack needs an external docker network called `iotstack` make sure to create one using `docker network create iotstack`

### Docker

1. To build Docker Images locally use:

    ```bash
    $ docker build -t pypersonnelloc:<version> .
    ```

2. To run the Application along with the RabbitMQ Broker connect the container with the `iotstack` network using:

    ```bash
    $ docker run --rm --network=iotstack -t pypersonnelloc:<version> -c config.yaml 
    ```

    __INFO__: Change the broker address in the `config.yaml` file to `rabbitmq` (name of the RabbitMQ Container in _rabbitmqtt_ stack)

3. To run the a custom configuration for the Container use:

    ```bash
    $ docker run --rm -v $(pwd)/config.yaml:/pypersonnelloc/config.yaml --network=iotstack -t pypersonnelloc:<version> -c config.yaml 
    ```

### Reference Paper

1. Heading Estimation for Pedestrian Dead Reckoning Based on Robust Adaptive Kalman Filtering 

   https://doi.org/10.3390/s18061970 

## Maintainers
The repository is maintained by:

- [Karthik Shenoy Panambur](mailto:she@biba.uni-bremen.de)
- [Shantanoo Desai](mailto:des@biba.uni-bremen.de)

[__BIBA - Bremer Institut für Produktion und Logistik GmbH__](www.biba.uni-bremen.de)

## FUNDING

* The development of this codebase and repository is driven through the [RAINBOW Project](https://rainbow-h2020.eu/). RAINBOW Project has received funding from the European Union’s Horizon 2020 programme under grant agreement number __871403__
* The development of this codebase and repository is driven through the [ASSURED Project](https://www.project-assured.eu/). ASSURED project is funded by the European Union's Horizon 2020 programme under Grant Agreement number __952697__
